[system] Enable configuring the `sx` mappings in the `theme` (#35150)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/system/styled/styled.md

### How can I use the `sx` syntax with the `styled()` utility?

> If you are one of those who prefers the `sx` syntax and wants to use it in both the `sx` prop and the `styled()` utility, you can use the `unstable_sx` utility from the `theme`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you prefer the `sx` syntax and want to use it in both the `sx` prop and the `styled()` utility, you can use the `unstable_sx` utility from the `theme`:
```
